10
From: mark.moore@clearcube.com
To: pcurtiss@mtech.edu
Subject: Thank you for your interest in our solutions
Date: 1547228225
Thank you for your interest in our solutions, I would like to understand a little more about your requirements to make sure we recommend the right solutions to fit your business needs. What is a good time to connect and discuss what you are looking for in an end point ? ClearCube stocks the largest selection of zero clients & thin client in North America. We specialize in customized clients to fit your specific requirements with a variety of connections and mounting options, to see more visit my website. 

From: dcoe@mtech.edu
To: pcurtiss@mtech.edu
Subject: Agenda Item
Date: 1546886615
Phil, Would you put the flagpole banner on the agenda?

From: pcurtiss@mtech.edu
To: jasono@ncat.org
Subject: cancel today
Date: 1544110056
Jason, 
Sorry, but I won’t be able to work with you at NCAT today. 
I didn’t get anything done on looking at the LACP passive state and PXE boot. 
I have been buried with end of semester tasks. 
Next week should have considerably more time and not be constrained by classes – only have finals on Tue and Thu
Thanks, Phil

From: prowe@ndia.org
To: prowe@ndia.org
Subject: 2016 SIW - Full Agenda Available / Other Notes
Date: 1473411125
Dear 2016 SIW Registrant:
We look forward to seeing you next week at the Florida Hotel in Orlando, FL.  Here are a few notes and reminders:
- The full 2016 SIW Agenda is now available for downloading and/or printing at https://www.sisostds.org/2016SIW.aspx.
- The Registration Desk will be open from 3 to 5 p.m. on Sunday, September 11 – in the Mezzanine area on the 2nd Floor.  Registration will re-open on Monday, September 12 at 7 a.m.
- Upon check-in at the Registration Desk, each 2016 SIW attendee will receive a flash drive containing the complete SIW Agenda and all the SIW papers.  Hard copies of the SIW Agenda will also be available for those who would like one.
- If you have not yet made your hotel reservations, you should do so as soon as possible.  See Hotel Registration at https://www.sisostds.org/2016SIW.aspx.
- Nine tutorials will be offered on Monday, September 12 – seven in the morning, and two in the evening after the SISO Social (1700-1900). The SISO 101 and SISO Standards 101 tutorials are FREE to all 2016 SIW attendees. There is a $75 fee to attend one or more of the other tutorials.  If you did not register for tutorials but would like to attend some, you will have the opportunity to add tutorials to your registration when you check in.
- For those of you attending the SIW for the first time, there will be a Newcomers Orientation Breakfast on Tuesday from 0715-0800 in Forum East 4.
Safe travels, and see you next week at the 2016 SIW!
Patrick

From: bhartline@mtech.edu
To: raja@mtech.edu
Subject: The MT-DRones draft
Date: 1547291957
Hi Phil and Raja,
I don’t think it is necessary to include the material about Montana Tech’s general graduate outcomes, except to emphasize the alignment with those and what MT-Drones is trying to do.
With respect to each component of the MT-Drones experience, it will be important to show how each contributes to enabling the MT-Drones outcomes and the students acquiring the desired knowledge, skills, and abilities.
The diagram might have more impact if it was more integrated structured and clarified the connections and intended causes and impacts of each component.
Bev

From: phillip.curtiss@gmail.com
To: vbyrd@stpetes.org
Subject: Re: Fw: Bonze Marrow
Date: 1365699542
Vicki and Mary,
I need to have a follow-up Bone Marrow test, exactly as the one I just had in March now that I am back on the G-CSF. Do you need anything from the Univ of Washington for me to schedule this? Or do you still have all of the instructions and such from the previous bone marrow in March? 
Let me know so I can get you what you need and then schedule with you.
thanks
Phil Curtiss

From: sheinlein@lifestrengthpt.com
To: phillip.curtiss@gmail.com
Subject: catching up
Date: 
Phil-
How are you?  Great to hear from you.  How's life being the head honcho at IMRockies?  Has the business grown a lot? 
We now have 3 children.  Jacob is 11, Ashley is 8, and Nathan is 6.  Michelle is wonderful and beautiful as always.  She has decided not to trade me in...,yet.
Finally decided to break away from Violand and MCNerney after 13-years of service there. As you said, I had specialized a bit and had marketed a new side for the practice, but received nothing in compensation.  I know it may sound petty, but after that many years and the extra time and work I did to grow their ractice, I felt pretty unappreciated.  So I realized that I had been marketing myself more than the practice, but they were still reaping the rewards.  Patients were coming in from out of state to see me, so I realized that they would come wherever I was, so I moved on.  After looking at other jobs and realizing that it would be more of the same, it was time to start something new.
I talked with Brett (my business partner) and we decided it was a go.  So now we have a practice that continues to grow and is doing well.  It is amazing to see how poorly managed the other practice was.  I know I got quite the education from being through the bad stuff there.  Probably better than any schooling I could have done for business. 
I still get to see some of the Olympic swimmers and am trying to continue to grow that side of the business.  I may do some consulting work for teams locally for injury prevention and education.  It is quite a group to work with (swimming), as they are tight knit and word spreads quickly.  I'm hoping that some of the younger kids I'm treating now will also be headed to the games in 2008.
Anyway, I'm now rambling.  Great to hear from you.  Hope all is well.
Scott
Scott Heinlein, P.T.
Lifestrength Physical Therapy, Inc.
110 West Road, Suite 105
Towson, MD 21204
phone 410-321-4901
fax 410-321-4903

From: noreply@google.com
To: phillip.curtiss@gmail.com
Subject: Your group is now enjoying free data until Nov 17
Date: 
Project Fi
Bill protection kicked in at 10GB
Rest easy – data is on us until your cycle ends (on Nov 17). That means your group will continue to enjoy the same data coverage this cycle, free of charge.
If anyone ends up using over 15 GB total, they'll notice slower data speeds. At that point, the group owner has the option to get full-speed data for each person at $10/GB in the app or on the site.
google

From: pcurtiss@mtech.edu
To: jbraun@mtech.edu
Subject: CSCI 361
Date: 1460135949
Phil,
It does not look like I will be up today. How about Monday at 11?
Jeff

From: suanderson@mtech.edu
To: pcurtiss@mtech.edu
Subject: TECHXPO
Date: 1547147276
Please share the following information with all eligible students.
                  Registration Deadline:  Monday, March 4, 2019
The Techxpo Guidelines are attached to this email and can also be accessed through the
                                    Techxpo website at www.mtech.edu/techxpo.
Please feel free to print and post any of this information.

